Add: release-version input to release action (#420)
greenbone/actions: release/README.md

# Release action

You can use the release action to release a project within a GitHub Action workflow.

## Supported Programming Languages

Currently supported programming languages:

> * C

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* C/C++ (CMake)
```

| github-user-mail     | Mail address for the given github user.                                                                                         | Yes       | None                  |
| github-user-token    | Token with write rights required to create the release.                                                                         | Yes       | None                  |
| gpg-fingerprint      | GPG fingerprint, represented as a string. Required for signing assets of the release.                                           | No        | None                  |
| gpg-key              | GPG key, represented as a string. Required for signing assets of the release.                                                   | No        | None                  |
| gpg-passphrase       | GPG passphrase, represented as a string. Required for signing assets of the release.                                            | No        | None                  |
| strategy             | Deprecated by `release-type`.                                                                                                   | No        | None                  |

> | python-version       | Python version used for release.                                                                                                | No        | `"3.10"`              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| python-version       | Python version used to create the release.                                                                                        | No        | `"3.10"`              |
```
